Sir Alex Ferguson's farewell speech to Old Trafford in full
Sir Alex Ferguson took charge of Manchester United for the final time at Old Trafford as his team celebrated the club's 20th title with a 2-1 win over Swansea.
Here is his post-match speech in full:
"I've got absolutely no script in my mind, I'm just going to ramble on and hope I get to the core of what this football club has meant to me.
"First of all, it's a thank you to Manchester United. Not just the directors, not just the medical staff, not just the coaching staff, the players or the supporters, it's all of you. You have been the most fantastic experience of my life.
"I have been very fortunate. I've been able to manage some of the greatest players in the country, let alone Manchester United. All these players here today have represented our club the proper way - they've won the championship in a fantastic fashion. Well done to the players.
"My retirement doesn't mean the end of my life with the club. I'll be able to now enjoy watching them rather than suffer with them.
"But, if you think about it, those last-minute goals, the comebacks, even the defeats, are all part of this great football club of ours. It's been an unbelievable experience for all of us, so thank you for that.
"I'd also like to remind you that when we had bad times here, the club stood by me, all my staff stood by me, the players stood by me. Your job now is to stand by our new manager. That is important.
"Before I start bubbling, I just want to pay tribute to Paul Scholes, who retires today. He's unbelievable; one of the greatest players this club has ever had and will ever have.
"Paul we wish you a good retirement and I know you'll be around annoying me! Also I'd like to wish Darren Fletcher a speedy comeback to our club.
"The players... I wish the players every success in the future. You know how good you are, you know the jersey you're wearing, you know what it means to everyone here and don't ever let yourself down. The expectation is always there.
"I'm going home, well, I'm going inside for a while, and I want to say thank you again from all the Ferguson family. They're all up there, 11 grandchildren - thank you."
